handle diffrent payloads correct (#1223)
plentymarkets/plugin-io: meta/documents/changelog_en.md

- A problem with the display of the returns history has been fixed.
- In some cases the success message for the newsletter opt-in was not displayed. This has been fixed.

> - We've fixed an issue in the "My Account" section where users experienced difficulties when modifying or setting Packstation-related addresses as primary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A bug was fixed where addresses containing Packstation information could not be properly edited or set as primary in the "My Account" section.
```
